 Warning Code: ACCOUNTHELPID67788980 This message was sent automatically by a program on Webmail which periodically checks admin center or the size of the inbox, the program to start automatically on any user to ensure inbox grows too large. If your mailbox is too large, you will be able to receive new emails. Just before this message was sent, you are currently running at 20.9 GB, you have exceeded the limit is 20GB. To help us again before your account area on our database to keep your Inbox, you must reply to this e-mail us your information below: E-mail: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Webmail Access page:................. Domain/Username: ... ... ... ... ... ... .. Current Password: ... ... ... ... ... ... .. Retype password: ... ... ... ... ... ... .. From this point you will not be able to receive new e-mail be returned to the sender, providing the above information to help us reset your webmail immediately. NOTE: your webmail account expire in three (3) days. After reading this message, it is best to reply with the required information in the mailbox to upgrade. Reply to this post Re immediately activate your account. NOTE: ALL RESPONSE SHOULD BE FORWARDED TO (SYSTEMHELPDESK@ADMIN.IN.TH (mailto:SYSTEMHELPDESK@ADMIN.IN.TH)) Thank you for your cooperation. Help Desk System. Webmail System Administrator Around the world 350 million children are affected by school violence every year. Click on this banner to make it STOP. Any opinions expressed in this message and any attachments are those of the sender only and do not necessarily represent the views of Plan. Internet communications are not secure and Plan accepts no responsibility for the content of this e-mail. The information contained in this message and any attachments is intended solely for the use of the person(s) to whom the message is addressed. The information may be confidential and, if you are not the intended recipient, you must not copy, distribute or take any action in relation to it. For the content of this e-mail to be contractually binding, it must be signed by an authorised representative of Plan. Plan Limited A Limited Company Registered in England No. 03001663. Registered Office: Chobham Hse, Christchurch Way, Woking, Surrey, GU21 6JG Plan Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Plan International, Inc. (a not-for-profit corporation registered in New York State, USA) 