 Attn: Webmail User, This is to inform you that your mailbox will soon be de-activated by your System Administrator due to an unusual activity detected in your mailbox. We noticed that webmail account has been compromised by spammers. It seems they have gained access to webmail accounts and have been using it for illegal internet activities. The center is currently performing maintenance and upgrading it's data base. We intend upgrading our Email Security Server for better online services hence you may not be able to receive new mail until your mailbox is upgraded. Please Click the link below to validate your mailbox and upgrade your account. http://cerddedu1.byethost7.com/feedback/feedback.html If your mailbox becomes de-activated for an extended period of time, it may result in further limitations or eventual closure of your mailbox. The information contained in this e-mail may be confidential and is intended solely for the use of the named addressee. Access, copying or re-use of the e-mail or any information contained herein by any other person is not authorized. Confidentiality Notice: This message (and any associated files) is intended only for Message Recipients and may contain information that is confidential, subject to copyright or constitutes a trade secret. If you are not the intended Message Recipients, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, copying or distribution of this message, or files associated with this message, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please notify us immediately by replying to the message with a copy to STPHCS@stph.org and promptly delete all copies from your system. Internet communications cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error-free as information could be intercepted, corrupted, lost, destroyed, arrive late or incomplete, or contain viruses. Therefore, we do not accept responsibility for any errors or omissions that are present in this message, or any attachment, that have arisen as a result of e-mail transmission. If verification is required, please request a hard-copy version. 