 Remember: Always look for your SiteKey before you enter your passcode during Down loading Sign In page attached However, during this account unlock, you may enter your Online ID and Passcode without verifying your SiteKey. Account Update Online Banking Upgrade We're currently updating our systems to bring enhanced features to your Online Banking experience. As a result, your account is temporarily unavailable. Please download the file attached on this mail, then access it to update your account to our new Online Banking system. Note: If you fail to update your account, it will be automatically closed. After this step, you are permitted to access your Online Banking System. Important Note: If you closed the browser window where you originally made the request to "Send Authorization Number" or if this Authorization Number has already expired, please sign back in to Online Banking at www.bankofamerica.com (https://www.bankofamerica.com/index.jsp), where you'll be prompted to complete the process. After you enter your Authorization Number, you may enter your Online ID and Passcode. Only during account unlocks should you enter your Passcode without verifying your SiteKey. Email Preferences This is a service email from Bank of America. Please note that you may receive service email in accordance with your Bank of America service agreements, whether or not you elect to receive promotional email. Contact us about this email Please do not reply to this email with sensitive information, such as an account number, PIN, password, or Online ID. The security and confidentiality of your personal information is important to us. If you have any questions, please either call the phone number on your account statement or use the Contact Us page, so we can properly verify your identity. Privacy and Security Keeping your financial information secure is one of our most important responsibilities. For an explanation of how we manage customer information, please read our Privacy Policy. You can also learn how Bank of America keeps your personal information secure and how you can help protect yourself. Bank of America Email, 8th Floor, 101 South Tryon St., Charlotte, NC 28255-0001 Bank of America, Member FDIC. 2013 Bank of America Corporation. All Rights Reserved. 