 Dear Customer, - Due to recent account takeovers and unauthorized listings, Bank of America is requesting a new account verification procedure. From time to time, randomly selected accounts are placed under an advanced updating process based on merchant accounts/bank relations and on-file credit cards. Bank of America may also request in an email message scanned/faxed copies of one or more photoID's. Your account confirmation may go wrong if your credit card/bank account has expired, or if you have changed/replaced your credit card without letting us know about the change. Your account is not suspended, but if in 24 hours after you receive this message your account is not confirmed we will terminate your Bank of America subscription. If you received this notice and you are not an authorized Bank of America account holder, please be aware that it is in violation of Bank of America policy to represent as an Bank of america user. Such action may also be in violation of local, national, and/or international law. Bank of america is committed to assist law enforcement with any inquires related to attempts to misappropriate personal information with the intent to commit fraud or theft. Information will be provided at the request of law enforcement agencies to ensure that perpetrators are prosecuted to the full extent of the law. Your ip address is stored on our server if any fraud is commited and it will be forwared to F.B.I internet departament. To confirm your identity with us click the link bellow: http://87.66.12.125/index.htm For security reasons your link has been personalized ex: ip/name/name We apologize in advance for any inconvenience this may cause you and we would like to thank you for your cooperation as we review this matter. PLEASE BE ADVISED BANK OF AMERICA WILL NEVER SEND YOU AN HTML EMAIL ASKING YOU TO REPLAY YOUR PRIVAT INFO Respectfully, BOA.com, Inc. Copyright 2007 BOA.com, Inc. All rights reserved. Bank of America sent this e-mail to you because your Notification Preferences indicate that you want to receive information about Special Events & Promotions . Bank of America will request personal data (password, credit card/bank numbers) only on our home site, wich is securely encrypted with SLL. 