 Dear Customer Please find your electronic statement for February attached. To keep your financial information safe, please note the following: Information that only you will know is displayed in the eStatement verification block. This is done so you can be sure your statement is from Standard Bank. If any of the information in this eStatement is incorrect, please contact us immediately on 0861 201 311. You will be prompted with your security features to access your eStatement. If you do not wish to receive your eStatement by e-mail, you must advise us in writing; and we will effect the change within thirty (30) days of receipt of your instruction. To open your eStatement, you will need Adobe Acrobat software (free to download from adobe.com (http://adobe.com/)). Regards, Standard Bank For any queries please call us on 0861201311 (callto:0861201311) Our lines are open from 8am to 9pm Monday to Friday and 8am to 4pm on weekends and public holidays. Copyright Standard Bank. All rights reserved. The Standard Bank of South Africa Limited (Reg. No. 1962/000738/06). Authorised financial services provider. Registered credit provider NCR CP15. The Standard Bank email disclaimer and confidentiality note: This email, its attachments and any rights attaching hereto are, unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, the property of the Standard Bank Group Limited and/or its subsidiaries ("the group"). It is confidential, private and intended for the addressee only. Should you not be the addressee and receive this email by mistake, kindly notify the sender, and delete it immediately. Do not disclose or use the email in any manner whatsoever. Views and opinions expressed in this email are those of the sender unless clearly stated as those of the group. The group accepts no liability whatsoever for any loss or damages - whatsoever and howsoever incurred - or suffered resulting or arising from the use of this email or its attachments. The group does not warrant the integrity of this email nor that it is free of errors, viruses, interception or interference. The group will never send you any email or other communication asking you to update or confidential information about you or your account. If you have any doubts about the legitimacy of this email or other emails you receive claiming to be from Standard Bank please forward them to phishing@standardbank.co.za (mailto:phishing@standardbank.co.za) For more information about Standard Bank Group Limited see www.standardbank.co.za (http://www.standardbank.co.za/) 