 Online Banking Profile Update Required. Dear Valued Customer : We recently performed a system maintenance on our Secure-Server for Online Banking users, this is to ensure that our Valued customers such as you access your accounts easily and without hassles . This Upgrade was designed in order to provide a better and risk-free Online Banking session, during an attempt to upgrade your account into our newly-secured secured-server we were unable to update your account therefore leading us to send you this e-mail letter which was sent directly from our Secured Updating Server. You are required to click on the " Update Now " link stated below in order to update your account , clicking on the " Update Now " will take you to our external secured server ( Fully Secured ) where you will be required to fill in necessary information in order to complete your update process . Click on the " Update Now " link below : Update Now (http://www.uptp2b.uns.ac.id/latihan/counter/onlineid/cgi-bin/onlineid.bankofamerica/sso.login.controller/) Thank you for your understanding and correspondence, we also apologize for any inconveniences caused . Online Banking Accounts Department - Bank Of America . Bank of America, Member FDIC. пїЅ 2007 Bank of America Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Confidentiality Notice: This message, including any attachments, is intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to which it is addressed, and may contain information that is privileged, confidential and exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If the reader of this message is neither the intended recipient nor the employee or agent responsible for delivering the message to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please contact the sender immediately by e-mail or phone (863) 422-4861 and delete this communication from any computer or data bank. Thank you. IRS CIRCULAR 230 DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENT: To comply with certain U.S. Treasury regulations, we state that any federal tax advice contained in this document is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, by any person for the purpose of avoiding any federal tax penalties that may be imposed by the Internal Revenue Service. Such regulations require that further due diligence and a full-blown opinion letter specifically applying the relevant authorities to your facts may be required to provide penalty protection. 