 Please do not reply to this email. This email has been sent from an auto-notification system that cannot accept incoming email. Review and Verify your Account Details Online ID Confirmation We're letting you know that we detected several failed attempts to sign in to your Bank of America account on 03/29/2016. For your protection, we need you to review and verify your account details. Follow the link below to unlock your Online ID. Click on this link to unlock your Online ID (ftp://62.91.10.58/901/Client/bofa.htm) Date and time: October 17 / 04:00 PM-04:30 PM ET Language preference: English Note: After verifying your account details, we will take the necessary steps to protect your account from fraud. 1Mobile Banking requires enrollment through the Mobile Banking app, mobile website or Online Banking. View the Online Banking Service Agreement for more information. Data connection required. Wireless carrier fees may apply. The Mobile Banking app is available on iPad, iPhone, and Android devices. If your appointment is with a Merrill Edge Financial Solutions Advisor, you should be aware that a Merrill Edge Financial Solutions Advisor can provide solutions that include FDIC insured deposit products with Bank of America and non-FDIC insured investment products from Merrill Lynch. Investment products: Are Not FDIC Insured Are Not Bank Guaranteed May Lose Value Merrill Edge is the marketing name for two businesses: Merrill Edge Advisory Center, which offers team-based advice and guidance brokerage services; and a self-directed online investing platform. Both are made available through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (MLPF&S). MLPF&S is a registered broker-dealer, Member SIPC and a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation. Banking products are provided by Bank of America, N.A., member FDIC and a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation. Equal Housing Lender Email Preferences This is a service email from Bank of America. Please note that you may receive service email in accordance with your Bank of America service agreements, whether or not you elect to receive promotional email. Privacy and Security Keeping your financial information secure is one of our most important responsibilities. For an explanation of how we manage customer information, please read our Privacy Policy. You can also learn how Bank of America keeps your personal information secure and how you can help protect yourself. Bank of America Email, 8th Floor-NC1-002-08-25, 101 South Tryon St., Charlotte, NC 28255-0001 © 2016 Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved. ARD4M5F1/6N9ACU 