 Dear Customer, This message confirms your registration with the NatWest Secure Verified by Visa on Tue, 9 Oct 2012 01:14:28 -0700 with card ending XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-8535. This service provides added safety when you shop online and is offered to you free of charge. For future reference when changing your password a minimum of £1 must be in your bank account at that time. From now on, when shopping online at participating merchants who have asked for this service to be put in place, you will be prompted to enter random sequential characters from your password you created during the service activation. Please keep your password secret as you will need it for future purchases. You can also change any details that you have submitted by logging in to your Personal Account Manager on the link provided below. This will enable you to change your username, personal message, and password. Alternatively if you have any questions or problems regarding registration, logging in, or re setting your password , we are here to help! You can visit http://www.natwest.com/natwestsecure/debit for further information. Please keep this email with the NatWest Secure site link in a safe place. Your Bank and the Police will never contact you to ask you to disclose your online banking or payment card PIN's, or your password information. Thank you. NatWest Customer Service Centre (http://www.visaeurope.com/personal/onlineshopping/verifiedbyvisa/goshopping.jsp) National Westminster Bank Plc, Registered in England No 929027. Registered Office: 135 Bishopsgate, London EC2M 3UR. National Westminster Bank Plc is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority. This e-mail message is confidential and for use by the addressee only. If the message is received by anyone other than the addressee, please return the message to the sender by replying to it and then delete the message from your computer. Internet e-mails are not necessarily secure. National Westminster Bank plc does not accept responsibility for changes made to this message after it was sent. 