 April 2012 Welcome Thank you for choosing to receive your statements by e-mail. Dear Customer Your electronic bank statement (eStatement) is attached. To read your statement, you will need to download the Striata Reader and Adobe Reader if you haven't done so already. You have already made the smart move to receive your statement via e-mail and experience the ease of managing your credit card transactions electronically. So why stop there? You can now also receive e-mail statements for your cheque, Absa Vehicle and Asset Finance, home loan, unit trust and savings account. No paper... no delays no mounds of filing to wade through. Make a statement about your banking efficiency while doing the best for the environment switch to eStatements. Before you can view your statement, you must download and install the decoder, If you downloaded and installed the decoder previously, you do not need to download and install it again,simply: If you have not installed a decoder please download it by opening the attachment sent along with this message , Then login into your account to Download Logon to Internet Banking. Select the portfolio icon from the top of the Internet Banking landing page. Select the eStatement icon from the left of the Portfolio landing page. Click change to capture new delivery settings. Follow the prompts and select the account/s that you want to receive eStatements for. Alternatively, you can also register by calling 0860 008 600 or visit any Absa branch. For more information, contact officialemail@absa.co.za (mailto:officialemail@absa.co.za) or the call centre on 0860 008 600. Kind regards Absa Digital Channels Installing the Striata Reader Step 1: Connect to the internet. Step 2: Download the Reader from the Striata Website (58Kb): Go to www.striata.com/absa (http://www.striata.com/absa) and click on 'Striata Reader' in the the top right corner above the search box. Step 3: Click the orange header at the top of the page. The link wording will differ according to your operating system. Step 4: Select 'Open' or 'Run'. If no open or run option is shown, select 'Save' and then 'Open' Step 5: The Reader should install. Select 'OK' to close the 'install confirmation' dialogue box. To view your statement: Step 6: Double-click on the digitally signed attachment. You will be prompted to type in Your Acess number ,pin ,password and Mobile number. Installing Adobe Reader To open your statement, you need to have Adobe Reader v 5.0 or higher. If you do not have Adobe Reader, go to http://get.adobe.com/reader/ to download the latest version. Important Notice: Absa Bank Ltd Is an Authorised Financial Services Provider. Licence no 292. Important restrictions, qualifications and disclaimers ("the Disclaimer") apply to this e-mail. A 'disclaimer' means we do not accept responsibility or we limit our responsibility for something related to this e-mail. To read this, click on the following address or copy into your Internet browser: www.absa.co.za/disclaimer (http://www.absa.co.za/disclaimer) The Disclaimer forms part of the content of this e-mail in terms of section 11 of the Electronic Communications and Transactions Act, 25 of 2002. If you are unable to access the Disclaimer, send a blank e-mail to disclaimer@absa.co.za (mailto:disclaimer@absa.co.za) and we will send you a copy Important Notice: Absa is an Authorised Financial Services Provider and Registered Credit Provider, registration number: NCRCP7. This e-mail and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed. Please note that there are terms and conditions and some important restrictions, qualifications and disclaimers ("the Disclaimer") that apply to this email. To read this click on the following address or copy into your Internet browser: http://www.absa.co.za/disclaimer The Disclaimer forms part of the content of this email in terms of section 11 o f the Electronic Communications a 