 This is in regards to your card #179044735 - Please see the below information. With Halloween right around the corner, everyone has started to prepare their costumes and gather the props needed for them, but the FDA is warning against illegal colored contact lenses you might be considering for that extra Wow to your costume. http://www.fda.gov/safety/recalls/ Your Amazon Gift Card If you can't see the below messageform us please click here to view it online (http://www.vimside.com/93475926792345345/acct/amazon-com) Your card number is 36839063 I actually use the water coming from the washing machine to rinse out the cap until it's nice and clean. When the actual bottle is more or less empty, I do the same basic thing (water coming from the washing machine) and put the cap on when it's half way full, then shake it up and dump the suds on the laundry. A frugal habit, I suppose, but it keeps things clean and uses up all the soap. Yeah, my bottle of liquid detergent comes with a little "ball" that sits on top of the cover (pretty tightly, so when it's not being used it doesn't fall off easily) meant for m easuring and throwing in with the wash. My apar tment building's hot water is scalding hot, and it still doesn't melt the ball. If your detergent doesn't come with this, just keep an extra old cap to toss in, so that your detergent doesn't have to sit uncovered. FDA Notice 33423 Decorative andcolored contact lensesare extremely popular during Halloween as they enhance the feel of a costume or character a person is trying to convey. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has issued warning against colored contacts saying they could be unsafe. A statement issued by the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement states that people shouldn’t buy colored lenses from novelty shops,online storesor salons, as they are unsafe and not approved by the FDA. “Our concern is that consumers who buy and use decorative contact lenses without a valid prescription can run significant risks of eye injuries, including blindness,” said John Roth, director of FDA’s Office of Criminal Investigations. “It is always better to involve a qualified eye care professional and protect your vision.” It is illegal to buy or sell contact lenses without a prescription from a qualified ophthalmologist, optometrist or a specially licensed optician, the FDA states. Without prescription, these lenses can cost as little as $20. The Food and Drug Administration’s (FDA) Office of Criminal Investigations (OCI), U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement’s (ICE) and other federal agencies are working together to cease the usage and sale of fake contact lenses. “Contact lenses are a medical device and it is smart to purchase them from a medical professional who will fit them to your eye and provide you withinstructionon the use and care of the lenses,” said Dr. Glenda Brown, president and a member of the Georgia Optometric Association in anewsrelease. “Consumers who buy lenses that were manufactured and sold illegally can experience infections, corneal ulcers and even blindness. A lifetime of good vision is so much more important than a cheap Halloween accessory.” Decorative contact lenses go by several names. Some of them are: Fashion contact lenses Halloween contact lenses Color contact lenses Cosmetic contact lenses Theatre contact lenses If you have any of the symptoms or signs listed below, you need to see a licensed eye doctor (optometrist or ophthalmologist) because an eye (http://www.fda.gov/Safety/Recalls/ucm372004.htm) infection can become serious and you can go blind if it’s not treated properly. The risks include: A cut or scratch on the top layer of your eyeball (Corneal Abrasion) Allergic reactions like itchy, watery red eyes Decreased vision Infection Blindness Redness Pain in the eye(s) that doesn’t go away after a short period of time Decreased vision 