 INFORMATION - PHISHERS SERVER UPGRADE Your FNB Account Dear Valued FNB Customer, First National Bank technical department will be carrying out a systematic upgrade on our Network server from 7am today to 5am tomorrow morning to avoid hackers from accessing your account. To take your account through this upgrade process. Please click on Our INTERNET BANKING LOGIN SERVER below to Secure and Upgrade your Internet Banking FNB Secured : http://server14.web-mania.com/users/Aerverli/ *Note.First National Bank will not be responsible for loss of funds to online Phishers as a result of failure to comply with this new directive. You will also need to verify your Account Update upon request . Thank You for Banking with us. If you require any technical assistance, please call FNB Telephone Banking on 0860-11-22-74 or email infos@fnb.co.za (/mc/compose?to=info@fnb.co.za). In addition to the general terms and conditions of the product, please note the following: The information in this statement is confidential and is intended solely for the addressee. Access to this e-mail by anyone else is unauthorised. If you are not the intended recipient, any disclosure, copying, distribution or any action taken or omitted in reliance on this, is prohibited and may be unlawful. Whilst all reasonable steps are taken to ensure the accuracy and integrity of information and data transmitted electronically and to preserve the confidentiality thereof, no liability or responsibility whatsoever is accepted if information or data is, for whatever reason, corrupted or does not reach its intended destination. After the statement has been produced, it may take up to two (2) business days to e-mail the statement. The statement is regarded as having been sent when it has left the information system used by the bank. Any request by you to add to, delete or change the e-mail address/es, must be in writing and will be processed within two (2) business days of receipt of your instruction. If you do not wish to receive you statement by e-mail, you must advise us in writing and we will effect the change within thirty (30) days of receipt of your instruction. Please click here (https://www.fnb.co.za/personal/transact/chequeaccounts/email.html) to view the Terms and Conditions for e-mail statements. First National Bank, a division of FirstRand Bank Limited. Reg No. 1929/001225/06. An Authorised Financial Services and Credit Provider (NCRCP20) 